Added Lua Coroutines .close() function (#3446)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/coroutines/terms/close/close.md

---

> Title: '.close()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'close()'
```

Description: 'Allows the user to gracefully terminate a coroutine, freeing up associated resources in the process.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Lua Programming'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Coroutines'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.close()` function in Lua's coroutine module is employed to gracefully terminate a coroutine and release its associated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`close()`** function in Lua's coroutine module is employed to gracefully terminate a coroutine and release its associated resources.
```

> It yields a boolean value, signifying `true` if the coroutine has been successfully closed; otherwise, it returns `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It yields a boolean value, `true`, if the coroutine has been successfully closed, otherwise it returns `false`.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
coroutine.close(coroutine_thread)
```

- The `close()` function is used to explicitly release resources associated with a coroutine, making it safe to close coroutines that have finished their execution.
- Attempting to close a running coroutine or a coroutine that has already been closed will result in an error.

> - Always check the return values of `coroutine.close()` to handle potential errors gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always check the return values of `coroutine.close()` to handle potential errors appropriately.
```

## Example

> This example uses the `.close()` function to terminate a running coroutine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the `close()` function to terminate a running coroutine.
```

> In this example, we use the `.close()` function to terminate a running coroutine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses the `.close()` function to terminate a running coroutine.
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

```lua
local function myCoroutine()
    print("Coroutine is running")
    coroutine.yield()
    print("Coroutine has resumed")
end

local co = coroutine.create(myCoroutine)
coroutine.resume(co) -- Start the coroutine
local success, error_message = coroutine.close(co)
print("Closing coroutine:", success, error_message)
```

The output is:

```shell
Coroutine is running
Closing coroutine:   true   nil
```

## Codebyte Example

> In the codebyte example below we create a coroutine using `coroutine.create()`, start it with `coroutine.resume()`, and then close it with `coroutine.close()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is runnable and creates a coroutine using `coroutine.create()`, starts it with `coroutine.resume()`, and then closes it with `coroutine.close()`.
```
